[Music]
hello mother dear can't help you we're
coming no listen don't come ok this
night is really important to me
no I'm not telling you where I am coz
you're gonna come and mess everything up
no I won't are you no I'm not at the
arcade would you stop and leave me alone
please I don't want you coming here
restaurant on the corner of blood line
stand and play baby what's up hey what's
your girlfriend
yeah I'd hear something / bust your ass
she's not my girlfriend exactly she not
yet anyway yeah I mean well you got a
hooker that's cool no she's not a hunch
you border - cuz I she's gonna cook girl
okay she's I'd take you just friends I'm
just what are you doing here what a
meter if you're just friends don't mind
if I stick around
no idea I do mind okay Batman could you
take off please she's gonna be so
surprised why you so nervous you're like
because I like this oh hey hey how are
you oh I get this this is my friend
Batman that's oh right I put a lot oh
there's a lot of things about you all
dark and mysterious I heard so Robin
what are you drinking buddy oh let's get
some drinks recession I'll take a
martini and I think the lady won't have
a Cosmo Stella bar - it's on my tab good
all right you Betty little favor eat
good put a move on put the gas on with
the lid on
so sweetie you on a date with the Boy
Wonder or as the penguin said quite
cleverly I might add the boy blunder
hmm oh yeah oh yeah penguin had him tied
up over a pit full of saber-toothed
Tigers or something he's crying like a
baby I went and saved him Tori no thing
wait what were you guys talking to my
head
guess nothing um you know what I'm gonna
go to the bathroom and powder my nose
mm-hmm hey sweetie I want to put on
lipstick I saw some people stare in a
minute ago just kiss you go go you look
great I mean it got the for you go girl
tell me you tune you can ruin everything
you create so I can about man I'm doing
man
my whites are you wingman I'm here if
you don't talk yeah you know see you're
going crazy as my Haji you could score
you don't understand okay I like this
girl okay I don't want to school with
her don't want to scroll within them you
don't mind if I stick around whatever I
can I ask her out
no no you say you didn't want to score I
didn't mean understand you want to score
you don't want to score you gotta score
with her at man I mean you know it's
pretty easy I don't see where one of us
shouldn't score with a swear to god man
and if you witch who's gonna score with
her you're me one of us has score score
score score right fine fine I want to
school with her okay Wow
awkward the line was too long I'm sorry
you guys probably have these days to
talk about go check on those drinks
okay listen that sounded weird
I didn't mean to it's fine no he was
saying I'm scared
he said it was fine yeah yeah he take
stuff out of context it always sounds
embarrassing that's exactly what it was
Jim's totally out of context Thank You
Kate my god a little bit Pharisee
listen I'm actually glad that's just the
two of us now because um I said I want
to ask you and I'm not a talker okay so
I'm just gonna say it drumroll please
will you go out with me ha
QT oh hey hey kids how you doing
everything's all right here actually
could you family private okay
hey listen great if you need a ride home
yeah Batmobiles ain't your spot oh oh no
I'm fine thank you yeah anyway that
penguin just caused a lot of trouble but
I put it on put it down Robin did help a
little bit with his white legs that
bright outfit he's kind of blinded him a
little bit oh so you really beat up a
big fat guy in a tuxedo Wow
somebody's very funny facetious yeah I
did really mm-hmm
and he has a lot of henchmen and he's
not like you know what Karen wearing
this poor girl should be more
interesting hearing about the time you
let Catwoman rob national Gotham Bank
because I fell in love with her and I
had to beat her up in all her henchmen
oh so you beat up a woman yes Hey look
no means Cameron she has claws on her
and I'm sorry you fell in love with
Catwoman well one goes for his love I
mean I definitely wanted a boner but two
came close to so cock block jr. over
here got in the way Oh Tony hi sugar
[Music]
who are these chumps oh these are my
friends that I was telling you about
hey guys this is my boyfriend Tony oh
hey Tony what's up I'm Robin eggs I
think we're trying to Mack on you word
oh good cuz it's remembered this is my
lady friend huh
okay no oh you should treat hey shut up
oh no come on baby let's get out of here
I have a tin come on Mike hey thank you
for and nice to meet you tell me eight
good thing oh sorry
[Music]
you know I was gonna should I care
what's worse but it was a fair no I
don't want embarrassing as I plus it's
not even a superhero I know right
I mean he hasn't done the training ok
yeah
gosh shit I then I just got some up
drinking my good that I'm good I'm good
let's see when I go over arc Aquaman's
maybe you upload the Gamecube something
yeah whoa oh yeah yeah let's go all
right yeah down low yep too slow
gotcha there we go oh that's crazy I got
York Sally
[Music]
you